This project is about my master thesis：Learning based hybrid precoding in V2X .

_**Overview**_

- Trainv2_4inputs.py is about the design of the training process.

- loss.py contains the utility functions used in the whole project, such as the calculation for loss function, the conversion from output to precoding matrices and so on.

- network.py is the final network structure I‘ve used.

- config_parameter.py is about the setup for the parameter used in the whole project.

- The four files beginning with "evaluation" are the evaluation programs to evaluate and to compare the models under different parameter setup.

- dataset.npy is the dataset generated by Data_generation.py, which is then used for the model training.

_**Usage tips**_

First，while training the model
- check in the bottom of config_parameter.py which goal you wanna train for, only communication. only crb or combined. Here I recommand you first train with the goal of only communication and then go further. It is worth noting that when you train for only crb, you need to modify the loss function in the train_step function of Trainv2_4inputs to make it train for crb_distance or crb_angle.

- check the network mode in Trainv2_4inputs: In the load_model function, if you wanna train for digital precoding, use model = DL_method_NN_for_v2x_mod(), or you need to use model = DL_method_NN_for_v2x_hybrid() for hybrid precoding.

After the model is trained, you can then make use of the files with "evalution" to evaluate it.

- In the bottom of every file, you need firstly to assign the mode of models and then start evaluation.
 
- In evaluation_parameterssimulataneous.py, it is worth noting every time under one single mode you can only evaluate one kind of parameters, which means you cannot evaluate level of noise and transmit power in a single runtime. Like what I have done in the code, you must first comment the other functions and just run with the function different_k uncommented. 

As for more questions, please contact via email jiaxiangyujxy@gmail.com or 957719778@qq.com



